Also, another thing you're
doing your experience,
talk about anything that you're
doing with volunteering.
So I have a protocol that I like to use,
I said I'm here is what you did,
what technologies you use and impact.
So anything technical you do,
you use technology,
you use what you did and
what you did it for.
What technology is used and the impact.
So let's say right here
what I'm doing now.
To code and I'm my
2014, Present.
Make sure I put right here.
Volunteer, So,
Like I said, what you did,
what technologies and the impact.
Built and,
I wanna do that, may be a little,
maintained a project that focus
on educating veterans and
how to write code.
The languages, Not languages,
technologies, tools use are Gatsby,
Netta fly, Github.
Let's see contentful problem,
pretty sure I missed something,
contentful and
what else AWS how about that,
put that all there, AWS the,
Currently, it has helped over
250 veterans, get jobs and
had a socio-economic,
Impact of, Six,
not again, so I put that there
because even though it's volunteer is
really impactful and
because my socio-economic impact is high.
It has a business logic skills, the
superpower, the secret sauce when it comes
to resumes, is especially when it comes
to hiring managers and your tech team.
Because your technical managers, they need
people who can code but also understand
the business side, how to make
decisions based upon businesses, right.
So I'm sitting here I say what I did,
like this is where we build a maintain
project to focus on the education.
Let's put that the education of veterans,
how to write code, the tools that we use.
Always make sure you read
your stuff three times.
So once you get past three offhand and
have somebody else read it,
there's some data.
I can't remember where I read it.
But it says, that once a human
being read something three times,
they'll know if they're right,
they'll no longer see the mistake.
So always have proofreader.
So I'm saying the tools that were
used are Gatsby, Netflay, GitHub,
Contentful and AWS.
Then I'm, okay, so
he knows what he's doing.
Then we're currently has helped
over 250 veterans get jobs and
it's had a socio- economic
impact of 17.6 million.
That perks them up, because they're,
that's business stuff,
you know how to do things that involve
what we care about, which is money.
Because in the end, they care about
they want you to build good things so
that they can make money,
right and in an efficient manner.
So, then they won't start getting
the budgets and things like that.
And you're like, okay,
we can have these talks now.
And you're like, so you actually,
you know what you're doing.
So always focus on when
you're volunteering.
What's the social impact that what
you did, you did volunteer work?
If you build a website for a non-profit?
Did you focus on adding or Google
Analytics so that way they can get better
data to understand who their donors are,
what age and gravity the donors are.
Did you improve their donor
process on their website,
make sure that the donor
buttons stood out.
And that their donor page was quick and
easy.
And a form worked and they didn't have to
leave the website to go to another form.
Because once they leave the website
that donor retention just
starts dwindling down.
Did you do any of that,
you have to think about.
All that stuff when you're talking
about your impact in the same way
when you're talking about
business internship, right.
So now let me do something,
I didn't do an internship.
Let me, you know what I use my first
job because it was marketing but
I was working on the DevOps team,
working on the website, right.
So I'll treat that as a internship.
>> Should job experience be
listed in chronological order?
>> Yeah, well, you're right.
So I'll just show it as an example.
But boom, take that.
Put that right there,
put it in chronological order.
I just wanted to, cuz I had volunteer
work on there, but bam, there you go.
So now since I have that up there,
I have volunteer,
have this and I have so
now let's talk about, boom.
So we'll put this,
let's do 2000 or 2012, yeah.
Yes, that was the marketing assistant.
But because when you're 24 and
you go to no-nprofit what happens
is it as you fix the website.
All right, so now once again,
I like to do things not in bullet
form I do in a story,
let me show you, this is what I did.
This is what I did.
I focused on, matter of fact, I'm gonna
get rid of that first six months.
Can I just, just say cuz this
is over death, ot six months,
your primary focus was improving the site
speed and UI, as well as donor practices.
Say I'm using LAMP stack, WordPress, and
with a specific focus on learning PHP
analytics, find a strong user base.
Cleaner donor processes,
jesup all images ensure that we're
not affecting our page speed,
help, save proofread, pay speed and remove
anything that's not being used locally.
As result our page speed rose by 40% and
our mobile donor user base rose by 75%,
right.
I'm so on saying I'm giving
the story of what I did,
what I used to do it and
the business value.
Managers love business value.
I can't say that enough managers want,
why they want that they eat that stuff up.
They love business value.
They love developers,
as an entry level developer,
knowing the business of business value,
developers love that.
I mean managers love that.
Just had a veteran who just
got hired as a senior Dev and
the first thing that the HR
person came back and told me.
Yo, this person really
understood how to do things,
on a budget and
do things well on a budget.
I absolutely love that.
And then another person came
through was a junior Dev.
She's, I don't know what to do,
all these people are amazing.
They know exactly what we wanna do.
They absolutely love you
understanding business value.
I cannot, managers love it.
They love it.
I can't say any better than that.
They absolutely love it.
I don't know, for
me it'd be Oreos or Redbull.
I don't know.
Will be the equivalent for it.
Will be the healthy equivalent for that.